Which TV series deserves a movie and what would be a good plot suggestion?
 Fringe. I wish this to be a movie because I appreciate science in layman's term. Every episode in this series explained how a phenomenon occur that can fully understand. It's interesting.
Why did Prabhleen Sandhu not work in any other TV show or movie except Aapki Antara even though she is extremely beautiful and acts great?
Do you think the Dukes of Hazzard will ever come back to TV? The series not those fake movies that were nothing alike. And why did they take it off to begin with if it isn't racist?
 The Dukes of Hazzard ran for seven seasons, for a full run of 147 episodes. This is a pretty long run, all things considered. The show was quite popular for its first four seasons, but thanks to a salary dispute, stars Tom Wopat and John Schneider left t
Do you think the Dukes of Hazzard will ever come back to TV? The series not those fake movies that were nothing alike. And why did they take it off to begin with if it isn't racist?
 It was taken off the air because of the General Lee. That confederate flag on the roof led to protests over the show a few years ago. This was during the time when people were pushing to have statues of confederate soldiers removed from public spaces. Th
Are TV series getting more views than films?
What do you want to say to movie/TV celebrities?
Which movie character resembles your personality?
Where can we find MacGyver 2016 TV series?
What is it really like to be a detective? How is it different from what is dramatized in film and on television?
 Reality＃
What is it really like to be a detective? How is it different from what is dramatized in film and on television?
 The biggest difference is the amount of paperwork, documentation of evidence and interviews is time consuming you spend more time typing and doing data entry than doing anything else. You're not running around guns blazing of course. Thats pure Hollywood
Is watching YouTube better than movies or TV shows to improve English?
What would have happened if movies, serials, TV shows were not exist?
What does a Hollywood books-to-film or books-to-TV agent do?
 They specialize in representing authors of IP consisting of novels, print, or nonfiction literature in negotiating and selling/licensing that IP to parties interested in adapting it for film or TV production.
What are the funniest line you've seen on TV series or movies?
Why do music videos and commercials seldom feature a list of acting and production credits when compared to movies and television shows?
 ※Seldom list acting and production credits ＃§ to the best of my experience I ha never seen credits run on a commercial and why should they. Commercials by their very nature are attempts to sell a product or service in an extremely short period of time. T
Is prison as bad as it＊s depicted in movies and TV shows? Not as bad? Or worse?
 In my experience prison was bad for reasons different than what you see in movies and TV. I never witnessed any violence the way you see depicted, however what you rarely see is the heartache of being separated from family and friends. The pain of that c
Is prison as bad as it＊s depicted in movies and TV shows? Not as bad? Or worse?
 It＊s as bad or as good as you make it. Act like a man. Respect other men. Treat them like men. You should be ok. How evil are you? There are some seriously evil people in prison. Steer clear of them. They are the smooth talkin＊ , I can help you get acqua
How is the treatment of male and female sex workers different in the media (TV shows, news stories, movies, etc.)?
Would Beowulf make for a good live action movie?
What actors who were in their teens played an adult character?
What are some legal websites where I can watch TV shows and movies for free with good resolution?
What do you love doing the most while watching a movie or TV show?
Who are some actors/actresses, who had one and only one significant role in a movie or TV show?

Who are some actors/actresses, who had one and only one significant role in a movie or TV show?
 Allison Dean in Coming to America
What TV/movie would you want to travel to?
In the TV series Poldark, how much is 50 guineas in U.S. dollars?
 We＊re going to cheat and assume Poldark takes place in 1800. In 1800, one guinea was worth 21 shillings. That means 50 guineas was worth 1050 shillings. At 20 shillings per pound sterling, this comes to 52.5 pounds sterling. According to Historical Curre
What's the most disturbing scene you've experienced in a book/movie/show?
What's a movie or TV show that turned out completely different from what you expected it to be like?
Are there any TV series based around the movie/game Clue?
 Yes＃Here in Australia around about 92-93 a TV Game Show based on the Board game aired. There was a studio audience had to pick the culprit using a dial system, they could ask the actors in character questions about their motives and actions. In the pre-r
How many properties (TV shows/movies) did Disney bring from Fox?
 Thousands of films from the Golden Age, Silver Age, and Modern Age of Motion Pictures from 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight Pictures. Thousands of hours of sitcoms, dramas, and made-for-television films from Twentieth Century Fox Television, MTM Prod
What?s a noticeable mistake that ended up in the final cut of a movie or TV episode?
Has Star Trek, or any other science fiction show, television or movies, ever addressed how the tech for artificial gravity works?
 Hello there, Steve! ※Artificial gravity, or synthetic gravity, was a collection of systems designed to mimic the gravity of a planet so that working in low or no gravity was easier. The field generated by artificial gravity has an interactive relationshi
What are the best SciFi TV shows to watch in 2019?
 Three that I watched are The OA, The Passage, and The Expanse. There have been several lists of ※sci-fi shows to watch in 2019§ complied by various outlets. Here are a couple: best sci fi 2019 tv The Best Science Fiction and Fantasy TV Shows of 2019 (So 
Who is your least favorite character in a television show and movie, why?
 Megan Hunt - Body of Proof This is not me hatin＊ on Dana Delany, but I COULDN＊T STAND her character. Rude and incredibly arrogant. The show also starred Jeri Ryan, whom often plays strong, assertive characters (including on this show) but but Hunt was ju
Who are some TV characters who started out in minor roles and then became major stars of that series?
 Dr. Chandler in St. Elsewhere. The token black guy. Hired just to have some amount of racial balance in the cast. WHO KNEW? Who knew that this no-name actor would turn out to be the most awesome DENZEL WASHINGTON? The show had an absolutely amazing cast 
Why do films never show naked guys?
 It happens quite a bit, just not as often as naked women are shown. It is changing, but slowly. Christopher Meloni in OZ taking a piss 〞 un-simulated 〞 yeah, he＊s really taking a piss Another image from OZ. You must be Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Viggo Mo
What's the most satisfying TV show/movie death you've ever seen?
 TV Movie
How often do TV actors stay in touch with each other?
 As often as their schedule's allow. Celebrities do not have a Monday through Friday 8每5 type job. When they filmed LORD OF THE RINGS they were on location for 3 years, the producer s wanted the filming yobe seamless and editing and cutting extra scenes d
Who is the most versatile actress of the present generation?
 alia bhatt . In her first of three releases in 2016, Bhatt played the supporting part of a lively young girl with a buried past in Kapoor & Sons, a drama about a dysfunctional family starring Sidharth Malhotra and Fawad Khan. The film proved to be a crit
How come Netflix is producing some of the best current movies?
 Possibly because they have a lot of money to spend but more than that, they are not really regulated, at least not by Ofcom and I think it falls under Holland regulations (who in my opinion are much more free thinkers and open to lots of things) and have
Why don＊t the movie and TV production companies add their productions to IMDb?
 Make sure you aren＊t already listed. Make sure we list the movie/show you worked on: All pages on IMDb feature a search box at the top of the page. Once the title is on IMDb, go to the page, scroll down to the bottom and click ＆Edit Page＊.
Do vampires exist and if they exist, are they really beautiful and attractive like on TV shows and movies?
 i believe that they exist in everyones mind but even if they existed they wouldnt be that attractive bc movies choose attractive and handsome men just to sell their movie
Why in apocalyptic movies and series aren't treehouses utilized more?
 Treehouses evoke a sense of innocence and childlike wonder in the psyche of most Westerners that wouldn＊t really be appropriate for an apocalyptic setting. The social schema we have of treehouses does not include explosions, fire, zombies, death, destruc
What is a 'retcon' in TV shows?
 What is a retcon? A retcon is short for retroactive continuity. According to the Urban Dictionary here is the definition: 1. (original meaning) Adding information to the back story of a fictional character or world, without invalidating that which had go
What is a 'retcon' in TV shows?
 a piece of new information that imposes a different interpretation on previously described events, typically used to facilitate a dramatic plot shift or account for an inconsistency.
Has Star Trek, or any other science fiction show, television or movies, ever addressed how the tech for artificial gravity works?
 The Star Trek TNG Technical manual offers some technobabble regarding gravity plates. See Point 17 on this page: How can ship crew walk in USS Enterprise? At least Star Trek addresses this in some form. So many shows I watch just seem to ignore this. The
Which is better, television or internet for gaining information?
What are some movies/TV shows that are better than their book counterparts?
What programming language is used while developing CGI for a Hollywood movie or TV series? For e.g game of thrones.
 For most of the projects you don't have to write customs scripts, the software which you will use can handle most of your needs. But in rare cases you may have to modify physics or create custom effects, using inbuilt scripting function in your 3d softwa
What programming language is used while developing CGI for a Hollywood movie or TV series? For e.g game of thrones.
 Most GGI experts start with basic platforms like Blender,Maya.Maya is more famous for VFX.But as I have seen some YouTube videos regarding CGI used in any movie or TV series what I understand is effects which we see in the movies are not all generated th
If you agreed to watch a movie/TV show with someone, did you lie (or think about it) by viewing it without them because you could not wait? What was it and did you confess?
Which movie shows the dialogue 'How is the Josh'?
What show would you want to watch for the first time again?
If you had to assign a fictional character to represent your car, who would it be?
What are the best SciFi TV shows to watch in 2019?
 The Orville is quite good. Thoughtful, inclusive, funny, great characters, amazing cast, some good special effects. Other than that as a long term Stargate fan I recommend re runs of any SG1 season from way back. They recently did a Web series called Ori
What is inspirational? What are some movies and TV shows related to inspirational?
What are fantasy dramas? What are some movies and TV shows related to fantasy dramas?
 One of my favorites is the Outlander Series written by Diana Gabaldon and produced by Starz. It follows a woman, named Claire, who time travels through standing stones back the the 1600s to meet an adventurous highlander Laird named James Fraser. It is f
What is espionage? What are some movies and TV shows related to espionage?
What are courtroom dramas? What are some movies and TV shows related to courtroom dramas?
Who is your least favorite character in a television show and movie, why?
 I＊ll probably get some heat for this, but Sheldon from the Big Bang theory is the primary reason I do not watch that show. Well, that, and the complete absence of humor. It＊s not only that Sheldon is not funny, but that what he tries to pass off as humor
If you could live the next 10 years as any fictional movie or TV character, who would it be?
 Probably Gandalf. Yes, he's old but he's quite nimble and who knows how much longer he may live? Could be friggin forever. He doesn't need money. He lives in a beautiful world and he still finds joy in small things like impressing children (or Merry and 
Why do some people like to watch TV shows about the Khardashian family?
 The Khardashian phenomenon is what happens when you combine the worst impulse of human nature with the worst aspects of American culture. Humans are hard-wired to be ※looky-loos§: we feel compelled to watch others suffer, because it means we＊re not the o
What fictional character would you choose to replace?
How long would you last without watching 'television', including online content?
Who are some TV characters who started out in minor roles and then became major stars of that series?
 Well, there are thousands of possibilities, so I＊ll just name a few from some of my favorite shows. Spike (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) - Spike (played by James Marsters) was a support character villain in season 2. He was set up originally as the villain o
Who are some TV characters who started out in minor roles and then became major stars of that series?
 Arthur Fonzarelli, aka The Fonz, was supposed to be a minor character on the sitcom Happy Days, but soon became a national phenomenon. He appeared on t-shirts, lunch boxes, and other paraphernalia. His catchphrase ※Aaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy§ was said everywhere.
How does one download/otherwise be able to use the video of a TV show or movie to make a music video?
What are the best new shows/ movies on Netflix India?
For which movie/TV series release you are eagerly waiting for?
What's something you often see on TV (realistic situation or object), but have never seen in person?
What actresses have you found stunning in movies and TV shows?
 Meryl Streep, Glenn Close, Jessica Chastain, Tilda Swinton, Viola Davis, Amy Adams, Rachel Weisz, Susan Sarandon, Regina King, Emma Thompson, Frances McDormand, Maggie Smith, Toni Collette, Rosario Dawson, Cate Blanchett, Kate Winslet, Naomi Watts, Robin
Who do you know that doesn't really reminds you of a character in a TV show or movie but has a familiar face?
What are the AI technologies used in film making?
Why are sex scenes on television so dreadful nowadays?
What is your favorite remake (TV series or movie) of a Hitchcock movie?
 Absolutely none! It is utterly pointless in attempting to copy the films of a highly talented director, not to mention insulting to the legacy of Alfred Hitchcock.
What show/series would you like to see return, if only for a couple seasons, and what show/series do you wish would go off the air?
 Shows which could return:Well, if a good quality combination of Knight Rider, Street Hawk and Airwolf be made, I＊d definitely watch. Well, a person can dream＃ Images: Googled. Shows which should go off the air: Ancient Aliens: spreading misinformation ov
What's the most satisfying TV show/movie death you've ever seen?
 I could name game of thrones but there are so many satisfying deaths in that. But I felt his death was more satisfying than game of thrones＃of course I miss the chicken Los pollos Hermanos Gustavo fringe from Breaking bad
Would you rather see brands/products integrated in a TV show/movie or wait through commercial breaks?
 Thanks for the A2A Erik. As long as product placement to not force changes on the storyline, then I have no problem with product placement. I very seldom see any adverts now, 98% of my viewing is Netflix, Amazon or YouTube and I have Ad-Blocker software 
Do you have a favourite show or film that was made before you were born? What is it that makes you love it so much?
 Sorry to reiterate the obvious, but the most timeless movie ever made was made 80 years ago. It was loved and IS loved by millions. It horrifies, excites and inspires still today.
How come Netflix is producing some of the best current movies?
 Two reasons: They can outspend even the richest studios because they don＊t have to share revenues with anyone, not theater owners or video distributors. It is still illegal today for studios to own theaters. Netflix could care less! They own the whole pi
What does the movie series The Purge get wrong about humans?
 Everything, basically just everything. Most humans aren＊t murderous sociopaths, most people are just generally pretty tolerable, of course there a few but ags and apparently government death squads, but those aren＊t going to be doing much of you have an 
Why do films never show naked guys?
 Never? Right away I can think of two that do show naked guys. Geoffrey Rush in Quills, above. Robbin Williams in The Fisher King, above. Quills - Wikipedia Quills (2000) - IMDb Geoffrey Rush - Wikipedia Geoffrey Rush - IMDb The Fisher King - Wikipedia Th
What are some satisfying jobs in the TV and movie business that few people consider?
What are some good TV shows where the villain is very smart and he/she win at the end?
What did you learn from TV series Breathe?
In Season 5, Episode 1 of The Office, it looks like Meredith has a severe sunburn on her face. It is not addressed on the show. Does anyone know what happened?
 Meredith does offer explanation in a deleted scene: ※These guys took me out on a fishing boat＃ I don＊t think I caught anything§ ※If one more kid calls me Hellboy I swear to God＃§
Will there ever be a revival of Farscape the TV show? I know that some of the cast have passed away.
 No, there will not be a revival. The best fans got is (in the cinematography medium) is ※The Peacekeeper Wars§ mini-series. After that, in 2010, the comic series was released to continue the story after ※The Peacekeeper Wars§ concluded. Those are the ※re
Why do so many people with mental health issues go into the media industry and become celebrities?
 There is a psychological mechanism called fixation. So if you aren't breastfed for long enough and are so traumatised, you may develop an oral fixation and smoke or bite your fingernails a lot. If you are toilet trained harshly or through shame, you deve
Why don't YouTube have old TV series episodes?
When is it the fault of the person for whom a TV show or movie was spoiled and when is it the fault of the spoiler?
What movie would make an even better TV show?
 I＊m going to leave out the Marvel and X-men and DCEU movies, and other movies with multiple sequels and prequels, because they are episodic in nature, and I presume from your question that you are looking for stand-alone movies that could be better adapt
What are some anime/manga references in non-anime TV shows and movies?
What show, movie, or book do you think is sorely underrated?
 The Lost Room (1 season - 6 episodes) The Lost Room (TV Mini-Series 2006) This came out at the same time as Heroes, unfortunately, and shared some of the ※powered human§ tropes. The actual plot was so good. A hotel room lost in space and time contained c
What causes a bad movie / TV show and why aren't there more measures to prevent such occurrences?
When watching a movie or TV show, what was something you presumed to be fictitious that completely blew you mind when you found out was real?
 The Impostor〞 yes, it is a documentary (Netflix) but IT STILL seemed like it could NOT be real〞and yet. IT IS. Also see: ※Finders Keepers§ also Netflix
What is a Greek movie/TV series available on Netflix or Hulu?
What show/series would you like to see return, if only for a couple seasons, and what show/series do you wish would go off the air?
 For me I would like to see Murphy Brown returned. To show you how an elected official should act is found in Murphy＊s ribbing of Dan Quail. He thought it was funny. Funny enough to actually go on the show tRump has been the only president to take offence
Why do fans get so upset about characters being portrayed differently in TV and movie adaptations?
 Because characters from books are basically whatever the reader things them to be. People have a clear mental picture of what the character is. Some are clearly very described in books(Jack Reacher for example). And the movies hired the extreme opposite 
Why do fans get so upset about characters being portrayed differently in TV and movie adaptations?
 Because the characters are changed so much during the adaptation process that they are almost always unrecognizable to the readers.
Would you rather see brands/products integrated in a TV show/movie or wait through commercial breaks?
 Thanks for the A2A. I have no problem with product placement. I hate commercials. I hate commercials so much that I pay for Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime, and CBS All Access (as well as a couple of others). I probably pay $70-$100 per month in subscription
What is the main Hollywood trope you wish would go away?
What is your favorite TV show? What character in that show do you identify with?
 Been watching MOM here as of late. I suppose I relate most to BAXTER
Are court representations in movies/ TV shows generally accurate?
 The short version: no. The longer version: no, and it＊s really really really annoying. One of the biggest differences is that there are almost never surprise witnesses, as the rules of discovery usually make sure that each side knows pretty much exactly 
Did FX become too dependent on Ryan Murphy and limited/anthology series?
Who are the best and worst TV/movie characters?
Why do emotional scenes in TV and movies always make me cry?
Do you have a favourite show or film that was made before you were born? What is it that makes you love it so much?
 Easy - Gone with the Wind, Wizard of OZ, Harvey, Sahara. I have several
What＊s the least accurate portrayal of a profession by a movie?
What's the stupidest joke from a TV show or movie that still makes you laugh uncontrollably?
What's the latest great sci fi movie or series, of the same quality as SGU?
 For yours truly, there is only one sci-fi series that rises above the rest.
How often do TV actors stay in touch with each other?
 Not actors per se but Mythbusters hosts Adam Savage and Jamie Hynneman gave the impression of being good friends on the show. Not so in real life, they described their relation as being no more than that of co-workers. They didn＊t see each other outside 
How often do TV actors stay in touch with each other?
 Probably about as much as any of us stay in touch with our ex-coworkers; some you become friends with outside of work, some you bump into and have a cordial conversation, and others you never see again. The only difference with the actors is that there i
How often do TV actors stay in touch with each other?
 It depends. I know that in Game of Thrones, Sophie Turner (Sansa Stark) and Maisie Williams (Arya Stark) are best friends. Kit Harington (Jon Snow) and Rose Leslie (Ygritte) are married. Apparently Daniel Radcliffe is really bad at keeping in touch with 
How often do TV actors stay in touch with each other?
 A2A. Probably about as often as coworkers in other professions. I＊ve worked on lots of shows after which I didn＊t keep in regular contact with anyone, though we bump into each other from time to time and happy to see one another. I＊ve also worked on seve
Can the movie 'Saturday Night Fever' be seen on the Internet free of charge?
Has Disney＊s personification of animals in film and TV been good or bad for the worldwide animal kingdom?
 I don＊t know what effect Disney＊s depiction of animals has been. I know some of their old films have some fairly terrible narration, in particular, The African Lion, which I saw in TCM the other day. The narration is truly cringe-worthy and is perhaps th
What will you name an app which recommends movies and TV shows to watch?
What are the best simulations of dragons in movies or TV?
 That depends on how pedantic you want to get. Reign of Fire and Game of Thrones are both visually successful, but they＊re technically wyverns, not dragons. If you don＊t care, I＊d go with those two. For actual dragons Smaug in the third Hobbit movie was g
What is a movie or series fan theory you believe to be true?
Any cancelled TV shows that have good or great series finales?
What 'bad words' and swears are allowed on TV shows in the US?
 Depending on the venue, the original ※7 Words You Can＊t Say On Television§ as referenced by George Carlin still apply. In order, and forgive me: Shit, Piss, Fuck, Cunt, Cocksucker, Motherfucker and Tits. Pay Per View channels have more flexibility but th
Is prison/jail anything like it's portrayed in TV shows and movies?
 I did two terms in California prisons. There are two portrayals of prison I felt were the most accurate. #1 choice> American Me. Edward James Olmos is fantastic in this role. #2 Oz> not as technically accurate but the characters and overall mood of the s
Is prison/jail anything like it's portrayed in TV shows and movies?
 All prisons are not the same. Some are supermax and ad seg. ( administration segregation) is difficult. Medium securty prisons are easier. Tv n movies tend to be a little overboard. There are fights and stabbings but guards do shakedowns every so often l
How come Netflix is producing some of the best current movies?
 They have the model down, they are insync with people who have 4K HDTVs and love their couches. They don＊t slouch on production costs and this leads to better quality than what a lot of what Hollywood pumps out. Ever look at your free movies on demand? T
Which actors, whom normally play the 'good guy', have also played good villains?

What does the movie series The Purge get wrong about humans?
 Forget murder and rape, sure maybe a few sickos who need to be taken out back and shot to preserve the human race might do that, but most people during the purge would be more likely to steal (i.e. take necessities and luxuries they need/want). Hell, if 
What fictional character(s) would you like to see have their own show or movie?

What is the longest chase scene in a TV show or Movie?
 Dave, I hope you are asking about car chases. In my opinion, the longest car chase scene in a movie is a toss-up between ※The French Connection§ ※Bullitt§ or take your chase pick in one of ※Jason Bourne§ movie series. I kind of favor the 1960 ＊s movie ※B
Which TV series deserves a movie and what would be a good plot suggestion?
 Since our movieplexes are inundated with comic book movies, it stands to reason that the next TV-series adaptation would provide a different perspective on this phenomenon. Therefore, I hereby nominate The Greatest American Hero.
Who is the most versatile actress of the present generation?
 Tabassum Fatima Hashmi, lovingly known as Tabu by cinema lovers is without a doubt, one legendary actorwho always brings her A-game no matter what role she chooses to play. Her exceptional acting skills and her choice of roles are proof of her inimitable
Can someone enlighten job profile of the people given credit in the end of the TV series or Movies?
What＊s the funniest thing an extra on the set of a movie or show has done?
What 'bad words' and swears are allowed on TV shows in the US?
 It depends on the level of television broadcast. Free-to-air channels (ie ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox): hell, bitch, ass. Basic cable (ie USA, FX, TNT, Comedy Central): same as above, plus shit, and asshole. Later-night programs on basic cable can use fuck, cunt,
What 'bad words' and swears are allowed on TV shows in the US?
 Most TV shows don＊t allow the use of most swear words. For instance, I know of no TV show that allows their actors to use the ＆F＊ word. Most TV shows don＊t allow their actors to use any swear words at all, but if they do, it＊s always ※small§ swear words 
Which is the longest and most favourite running TV show in your place?
Why did Monica Keena's acting career go nowhere?
How come Netflix is producing some of the best current movies?
 Roma wasn't produced by Netflix. It's only distributed by them.
What TV show or movie helped you get through hard time?
 ※Friends§ : Whether it＊s Ross＊ over-reacting, Chandler＊s sarcasm, Phoebe＊s quirkiness, Joey＊s naivete, Monica＊s neurotic ways or Rachel＊s clumsiness, it＊s this comfort that has helped me during stressed and anxious times. A TV show, movie, theater or eve
Which newer shows were influenced by ※Living Single§?
What would be a great TV/videogane crossover?
Is The Real Hustler TV show real or just acting?
Which actors and actresses often hide their accents when playing a movie role?
 Many actually. Hugh Jackman for example is Australian, but he hid his accent very well as Wolverine. Tom Holland is English and hid his accent very well as Spider-Man. Also, Idris Elba aka Heimdall, Christian Bale (Batman), Benedict Cumberbatch, Andrew G
You can travel back the the 1930s. What movie or TV show would you show people to mess with them?
 Any of the Jurassic Park movies, but especially Jurassic World (2015). Horror that looks completely real. If they saw it without ANY hype or preparation, the theaters would need to sell Depends in the lobby. Other big movies would be impressive, but well
What male actor has ruined a movie or TV show for you, because he is a terrible actor?
 Jack Nicholson. Actor | Chinatown. Marlon Brando. Actor | Apocalypse Now. Robert De Niro. Actor | Raging Bull. Al Pacino. Actor | Serpico. Daniel Day-Lewis. Actor | There Will Be Blood. Dustin Hoffman. Actor | Tootsie. Tom Hanks. Producer | Cast Away. An
How has the rise of streaming services (Netflix, Hulu, etc.) affected what film and TV pitches a producer will take? What new methods do they use in deciding what to cancel?
What are a few of the best TV shows of all time?
 Best is subject to the viewer＊s preferences of course. There are many ※best of TV show§ lists put together by various parties. I would recommend this list from IMDb [1] Here＊s another from IGN. [2] Both of these are comprehensive and there＊s a lot of ove
What are TV shows or movies that are popular with the British Royal Family?
 ＆Suits＊＃apparently, although they have been known to confuse it with Tinder. My guess is that queen who is supposed to have solidly middle-class taste (nothing too high/low brow) would like all the programmes that British middle class/upper-class people 
What are TV shows or movies that are popular with the British Royal Family?
 Coronation Street (a downmarket soap opera) is known to be very popular with the Queen. Prince William enjoys The Windsors (a comedy parody) as he finds the impersonation of his wife as a gypsy hilarious. Princess Eugenie loves The Crown on Netflix. She 
What is the main difference between TV and movie dialogues?
 Film is more visually oriented. The images are bigger and the investment in cinematography is usually greater. The dialogue is more sparse and much briefer. TV is a more verbal medium, using words to augment the images to a greater extent than film.
Do you think Supernatural is ending on a high note after so many seasons?
How to change your acting for different styles of film/television (ex: sitcom vs. single camera comedy)
Which actors, whom normally play the 'good guy', have also played good villains?
 Fred MacMurray is one. He played dishonorable characters in Double Indemnity, The Caine Mutiny and The Apartment, and probably others. But also played the pipe-smoking good-guy father in TV＊s My Three Sons. Fred MacMurray - Wikipedia Fred MacMurray - IMD
Which actors, whom normally play the 'good guy', have also played good villains?
 Josh brolin Played Jonah hex and cable before playing as thanos.
Why are people of color rarely used as US president in American movies and TV series?
 Because we have had all but one white president. Also, when the script is written, before casting, they are usually looking for a certain type of person. I do agree with you though, that more often we see a female or white male president in Movies and TV
Which TV shows are the most realistic in depicting the lives of adults?
 The essence of TV shows and movies is drama, so even the so-called reality shows inject drama into every encounter. Most of us live lives that do not reek of drama - at least, not the kind that can be resolved in 48 minutes. So I don＊t know of any progra
In which movie sequel/TV series any member of the actual cast got replaced by some other actor which you liked/disliked?
 Terrence Howard was replaced by Don Cheadle for the role of James Rhodes/War Machine in the MCU. This was a great switch. Elisabeth Shue replaced Claudia Wells as Marty McFly＊s girlfriend Jennifer for the Back to the Future sequels. While I like Shue and
What streaming apps offer the largest selection of TV shows and movies included in the cost of the service?
 Netflix and Hulu, since they have so many episodes of TV shows that you really could never watch them all. Netflix and Amazon Prime for movies and original content.
What spin offs of TV shows were better/just as good as the original?
 Frasier better than Cheers. Maude and The Jefferson's just as good as All in the Family. Happy Days better than Love, American Style. Laverne and Shirley and Mork and Mindy just as good as Happy Days. Facts of Life just as good as Different Strokes. Youn
What is an underrated TV show that you highly recommend?
 Billions on Showtime is excellent. The cast is great with Damian Lewis, Paul Giamatti, Maggie Siff, James Costabile, etc. Lewis plays Bobby Axelrod, the billionaire owner of Axe Capital. Axelrod never bothers to play by the rules and the rest of the char
What＊s your must see TV?
 Vikings Animal Kingdom Supernatural
Do characters in movies and TV series' wear more makeup than the general population?
 Believe it or not, for the most part, the answer to that question is No. Well.. if you take FX and Character out, these days, everything is shot with very high res cameras; high res cameras pick up every pore, line, wrinkle and pimple. It isn＊t like back
What two characters played by the same actor are the most different?
 I will give perhaps a less obvious choice, Mark Hamill. Mark Hamill as a young boy who dreams of escaping his home-world, and joining the fight against evil above. And Mark Hamill as a maniacal psychopath who＊s hell bent on destroying Batman＊s sanity.
What movie or TV series do you recall the song 'Staying Alive' by the BeeGees appearing in?
 Saturday Night Fever starring John Travolta.
What is the most underwhelming ending to an otherwise great movie or television show?
 To a TV show, that would be HBO＊s ※The Sopranos§ finale, hands down＃ They seem to have overthought the ending and went out with a whimper. (I＊m still waiting for the (redemptive) movie, BTW.)
Are television shows like Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones more cerebral than classical literature?
 Think about it, books will someday become a thing of the past much like cave paintings or carved stone prophecies. Humans evolve, we become and adapt to new technologies quickly and leave the old ones behind. Do people still paint? Yes they do, but they 
Why are people of color rarely used as US president in American movies and TV series?
 Because we have had all but one white president. Also, when the script is written, before casting, they are usually looking for a certain type of person. I do agree with you though, that more often we see a female or white male president in Movies and TV
Have you ever named or based a fictional character on someone in real life?
 When I was younger I used to name my male characters after guys at school that I had crushes on. I was generally too shy to actually talk to them and actually get to know who they were as real people, so I guess naming a character after them and getting 
Who is your favourite TV detective of past decade?
 DCI Tom Barnaby/his cousin DCI John Barnaby, Midsomer Murders
Are people looking to reliven traditional TV watching?
 Traditional TV watching has a fixed schedule and doesn't cater to your daily life and lifestyle. The new way of watching TV is flexible because it is available on demand anytime.
If you had a week free to binge watch a show which show would it be and why?
 Downton Abbey
What movie or show did you surprisingly enjoy, and why?
 As crazy as it sounds now, the first Indiana Jones movie I ever saw was The Temple of Doom. I remember my Dad renting it for me from the video store when I was a kid but my first reaction was of disappointment because it never looked like the sort of mov
Which is your favourite depiction of high school life in a TV series or a movie?
 Well I don't know if you've seen this but it's a chinese web series called When We Were Young. Trust me, it depicts love, friendship, teamwork, teenage fun, families and struggles. It's just beautiful. To anyone who comes across my answer, please give it
What is the most gratifying on-screen death in film or television?
 Walder Frey in Game of Thrones season six or seven (I can＊t remember, they blur a bit). Walder Frey is the Lord of the Crossing in Westeros, a Bannerman to Catelyn Stark＊s father, Lord Hoster Tully. He brokers a deal in which Catelyn＊s son Robb, King in 
Which TV show is top rated?
 I would say only fools and horses
If you could only watch one TV/movie series, what would you watch?
 Supernatural Meet Dean Winchester Meet his brother Sam Winchester And there missing dad John Winchester And here they are in season 14 You gotta see what happened in between!!! Update: this show will end in season 15.
What is the most memorable TV show of this generation?
 In the U.S., I vote for The Big Bang Theory. My wife votes for This Is Us.
Why do they film some late shows in LA and some in NYC even though they are apart of the same network?
 This is partly based on the preference of the producer and host. Some shows are in LA because they want to concentrate on motion picture and TV actors, who are more readily available there. Shows in NYC have greater access to Broadway stars and others wh
Which film or TV adaptation of a book/series did you think was actually done well? Which were flops?
 Marvel Studios＊ films were very fantastic which was adapted from its comic series
Which Netflix TV Show you are eagerly waiting for in 2019?
 Space Force, because I＊m hoping that comes out in 2019＃.
What is the least accurate dipiction you have seen of your profession on TV?
 GORDON RAMSEY!
Is the Umberella Academy worth watching?
 ExCuSe mOi!!!!!! YES THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY IS WORTH BINGE WATCHING foo. This hottie plays one of the coolest roles in that series foo. ThanK me Later!! ps, sorry for calling u a foo, its because i am triggered that someone would literally ask a question l
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 There is an entire genre of ※so bad it＊s fun§ movies. Google Mystery Science Theatre 3000 for more info. My personal favorite example is Attack of the Killer Tomatoes, which was a parody of 1950s and 1960s Kaiju movies from Japan and American versions of
What movie plothole makes you angry?
 My favorite plot hole didn't actually make me angry but I thought it was pretty obvious when it happened! In the Karate Kid Daniel Larusso comes back, does the crane move and kicks his opponent in the face and knocking him backwards and winning the tourn
What movie plothole makes you angry?
 My favorite plot hole didn't actually make me angry but I thought it was pretty obvious when it happened! In the Karate Kid Daniel Larusso comes back, does the crane move and kicks his opponent in the face and knocking him backwards and winning the tourn
Discounting what we see on TV and in the movies, what are healthy adult relationships really like?
 If you want someone on here to describe to you what a healthy adult relationship is like, you are going to need to be in one; not try to read about one
What makes certain people so interested in history of ancient Rome and movies/TV series, music, cuisine and culture pertaining to it?
 Ancient Rome was the first Republic in Western civilization (509每27 B.C.). As such it influenced the writers of the U.S. Constitution and has intrigued American culture in all forms. opera, Shakespeare, pizzas, movies, etc.
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 There is an entire genre of ※so bad it＊s fun§ movies. Google Mystery Science Theatre 3000 for more info. My personal favorite example is Attack of the Killer Tomatoes, which was a parody of 1950s and 1960s Kaiju movies from Japan and American versions of
What genre in the film and television industry is the most costly to produce outside of paying for actors/actresses?
 I thinking producing the film .
What does the movie series The Purge get wrong about humans?
 I can＊t take full credit for this answer (see Alternate History Hub＊s What if the purge was real) but: So, most people won＊t commit murder and rape because it＊s legal (and those that would will do so regardless of the purge). That＊s clear. But you know w
What two characters played by the same actor are the most different?
 This is one that has always greatly impressed me: Heath Ledger＊s Joker And Heath Ledger＊s Ennis Del Mar from Brokeback Mountain It＊s hard to believe the same person could pull off these two characters with such depth and complexity. It＊s not just the way
What is the scariest movie series you have seen?

What are the some movies and web series that every IIT aspirants must watch?
 Even once I was a IIT aspirant. Unfortunately I didn＊t make it. Here are some bunch of movies for all IIT aspirants over there. Now, go.. have fun !!
What TV show or series do you think would have worked better as a film?
What TV show or movie portrays your cultural stereotypes most accurately?
Why do directors in movies/TV series always show Tibet as spiritual and divine place?
Is the movie 'White Crow' an accurate portrayal of Nureyev's life and art?
What are the best TV series to watch on MX video?
What TV shows do you want to watch but haven't gotten around to?
How to learn to immerse myself in movies/TV shows and care for the characters more
If a TV show character could accurately depict your family life, which one would it be?
Which task requires more experience, composing or editing a song, novel, TV series etc＃?
Which TV series deserves a movie and what would be a good plot suggestion?
What are the best books written on film and television industry?
What two characters played by the same actor are the most similar?
 There are actors who have made their entire careers by playing the same role in different movies. My top three would be: Steven Seagal Regardless of the movie, Steven＊s character is going to be a soft talking, Eastern philosophy spouting law enforcement 
What two characters played by the same actor are the most similar?
 Elliott Spencer of Leverage and Jake Stone of The Librarians, both played by Christian Kane, are very much alike except that Jake Stone is an art and architecture expert whereas Elliott Spencer is a ※retrieval specialist§ and is referred to in the credit
In which movie sequel/TV series any member of the actual cast got replaced by some other actor which you liked/disliked?
 Well, yes. It did happen in a TV show. The show was Spartacus. But not for wrong reasons. Although, I wanted the hero from first season to portray his role in next seasons, but destiny failed me. His sad story goes like this. After the completion of the 
Have you watched the O A TV series and if so was it good?
 I'm unfamiliar with that show.
What are some binge-worthy shows or great movies to watch without your significant other?
What are some of modern Machiavellian characters in movies and TV shows?

What streaming apps offer the largest selection of TV shows and movies included in the cost of the service?
 As we all know after coming of Internet the World is became a Global Village. Same way its easy for service providers to provide number of channels and collection through single app. Day by day the list of providers in increasing and competition is risin
Is it true that every TV-series become 'worse' over the time?
 Nope, not true at all. Many series either maintained the quality of the program or actually got better as time went on. It is true that some shows stick around after they should hang it up. That＊s usually a function of a very successful series that a net
Which things make a TV series interesting to binge watch?
 Well, a good question there＃ which most of our TV channel are starting to forget(Here＊s my observation from all the hit soaps from all over the world, this need not be a definitive guide): 1)Number one I say: Keep it short. No one keeps track of soaps th
What spin offs of TV shows were better/just as good as the original?
 In my opinion The Originals (TV Series 2013每2018) - IMDb was a lot better than The Vampire Diaries (TV Series 2009每2017) - IMDb, but that is probably because the latter was not aimed at my demographic.
What are the best TV series to watch on Sony Liv?
 Sony Liv offers all of Sony India＊s original programming for free and the international content at some cost. Some of the TV series, which I follow are: I would suggest that you watch the TV series of Comedy genre, and not the Soap Opera types. Cheers.
What is an underrated TV show that you highly recommend?
 Haven. It＊s my favourite tv show of all time, but it only has a Cult following. It＊s a show about an FBI agent (Audrey Parker), who＊s assigned to a seaside town in Maine (Haven). There she investigates a man＊s disappearance, and in the process discovers 
What is an underrated TV show that you highly recommend?
 Patriot on Amazon Prime Video. Very well done spy spoof. Great writing and a stellar cast. Also the cinematography is moody and adds much to the feel of the show. With an 8.3 star user rating on IMDb, I guess Patriot is not so much underrated as it is un
What is an underrated TV show that you highly recommend?
 Mindhunter. It＊s a story of a CBI officer trying to uncover the new-then field of criminal psychology and the hurdles he faces in the due term when he meets different prisoners all over states to study the reason that drove them to become murderers.
What is an underrated TV show that you highly recommend?
 The Leftovers which ran on HBO.
How accurate is the depiction of the CIA on television and film?
 Yes, there the agents with cases to solve, And, one cases may hit home for the characters, some harder than others. but it is purely for entertainment, And, a case is not solved in a flash.
What happens if an actress gets pregnant whilst filming a show/film? Do they carry on filming and try hide it or would they maybe make the character pregnant in the show/film?
 In movies, if the character isn＊t pregnant, the filmmakers will use different ways to hid the pregnancy. When Gal Gadot was filming reshoots for Wonder Woman, green fabric was placed over her abdomen and the extra inches were CGI＊d out. Kate Winslet was 
What happens if an actress gets pregnant whilst filming a show/film? Do they carry on filming and try hide it or would they maybe make the character pregnant in the show/film?
 Hollywood could do a re-write and add her pregnancy into the script. That is usually done in television, however. Not a motion picture. An actress will usually have her agent send her over a script to read after she is considered for the role. She may be
What happens if an actress gets pregnant whilst filming a show/film? Do they carry on filming and try hide it or would they maybe make the character pregnant in the show/film?
 Some television shows try to hide the fact that an actress in the cast is pregnant, while others work it into the storyline. This is not so much an issue with movies, which are typically filmed within 2 to 3 months; however, Scarlet Johansson＊s pregnancy
What happens if an actress gets pregnant whilst filming a show/film? Do they carry on filming and try hide it or would they maybe make the character pregnant in the show/film?
 Most movies only take a few months at most to film, although there are exceptions. If an actress got pregnant at the beginning of fiming, then she would not really show overt signs of pregnancy during the film shooting. If it was a longer production such
What happens if an actress gets pregnant whilst filming a show/film? Do they carry on filming and try hide it or would they maybe make the character pregnant in the show/film?
 In Frazier they wrote it to the plot so that the Daphne character just got fat and she then went to some weight loss clinic. At some point they mentioned that she has lost so an so much and it was something 3每4 kg so they likely mentioned the weight of t
What are your favorite appearances of famous actors in movies or TV series before they became really famous?
 Robert Redford in the 1962 Twilight Zone episode, ※Nothing in the Dark.§ He plays a harbinger of death to Gladys Cooper＊s elderly woman, and is superb. Another Twilight Zone episode, ※Nick of Time,§ aired in 1960, and starred William Shatner as a man who
What are your favorite appearances of famous actors in movies or TV series before they became really famous?
 My favorite appearance of an actor prior to his becoming very famous was Colin Firth＊s appearance as Mr Darcy in the Pride and Prejudice mini series in 1995. Firth became a worldwide heartthrob after that mini series. But I noticed him also when he playe
What are your favorite appearances of famous actors in movies or TV series before they became really famous?
 Richard Dreyfuss in an episode of "The Mod Squad" where he had a Mother-Complex, you could tell he had IT!
What is the scariest movie series you have seen?

What fictional character has appeared in the most television shows?
 I could not find anywhere that just focused on TV shows, but some characters that appeared in both TV shows and movies combined are.
What fictional character has appeared in the most television shows?
 I don＊t have any kind of accurate count, but just thinking back on TV series I＊ve been aware of, I can only think that Superman is probably the leader in this category, though Sherlock Holmes can＊t be very far behind. Of course, I＊m assuming that you＊re 
How to watch Derry Girls outside the UK
 There are no lawful ways to watch shows from outside the country other than through a subscription service. Amazon and Netflix allow you to watch some content while abroad, however Derry Girls is available through SkyGo (NowTV) and Channel 4. That said a
How to watch Derry Girls outside the UK
 I assume that ※Derry Girls§ is a TV program! You can set yourself up with a Virtual Private Network (VPN) which will allow you to ※pretend§ you are watching in your own country. Google for details!
Would you illegally stream TV and movies if you could?
 I make my living from copyright. I do not and would not obtain copyrighted material without paying the price being asked. If the copyright holder is distributing it for free for promotional purposes, that＊s their choice; but I would never steal a service
Would you illegally stream TV and movies if you could?
 A2A. I can. I don＊t. Because it＊s theft. It＊s stealing from people I know and work with and care about. But even if I didn＊t know and work with and love them, I wouldn＊t steal from them. Because stealing is wrong.
What is your favorite Batman movie or TV series?
 Probably going to be one of the majority, I love Batman the Animated Series as it is one the more iconic superhero show and Kevin does the best voice for Batman. I always hear the voice of Kevin Conroy when I read a comic book that Batman appears in. Plu
What＊s your must see TV?
 I can think of a few that are all on Netflix.
What＊s your must see TV?
 This is a funny and entertaining show. It shows what happens when three mothers get caught up in some illegal shenanigans because of family issues. Ruby (played by Retta) makes me laugh out loud multiple times while watching her scenes. The women all hav
At what point does diversity in TV shows and movies become too 'in your face'?
 At the point when diversity is the whole point of the show or the character. If your characters are diverse, that great, wonderful I couldn＊t be happier. I like to watch shows with a decent spread of diversity, having different backgrounds and different 
At what point does diversity in TV shows and movies become too 'in your face'?
 The real world is quite a diverse place, and in it people are allowed to be any ethnicity, gender or orientation. They can be disabled, mentally ill or any combination thereof. They don't even have to submit a 2000 word essay to justify deviating from th
If you were given a $1 billion budget to make a movie or TV series of your choice, what would it be and who would be your lead actors?
 $100 million per season=10 seasons. $10 million per episode=10 episodes per season=100 episodes. I would do a Sherlock Holmes TV series. I know there＊s been about 4 dozen of them already (and twice as many movies) but I would strive to make it in some wa
If you were given a $1 billion budget to make a movie or TV series of your choice, what would it be and who would be your lead actors?
 Dune. The book has been there already since the 70s. The storyboard and a spiritual story set in the sci-fi genre. Jodorowsky did the work but couldnt make it because he couldnt get the funds. One billion sounds like the money that can make the movie. Yo
If you were given a $1 billion budget to make a movie or TV series of your choice, what would it be and who would be your lead actors?
 But it appears that Friends was at one point in jeopardy of leaving the service at the end of the year. According to the New York Times, Netflix will pay around $100 million for the rights to continue streaming the show, which is owned by WarnerMedia, th
What would you do if one day your favourite character (from a movie, book, TV show etc.) suddenly walked in on your workplace/school?
 ※Holy shit.§ I whisper to my friend. ※Is that Ginny Weasley from Harry Potter?§ ※No it couldn＊t be.§ She whispers back. ※I＊m gonna call her over.§ ※What? No!§ ※Why not?§ ※I-I have social anxiety.§ ※I＊ll do the talking.§ ※Fine.§ ※GINNY! HEY GINNY!§ I scre
What would you do if one day your favourite character (from a movie, book, TV show etc.) suddenly walked in on your workplace/school?
 This happened to me ten years ago. I was patrolling Bayswater, West London and Patsy Kensit stopped me in the street to ask parking advice for when her ex husband picks up the kids. I totally treated her like any other member of public and politely ran t
What series (novel, TV, movie, comic) would you love to see have an anime adaptation?
 Another question I already have an answer to and didn＊t have to think about! Joss Whedon＊s Firefly! In case you haven＊t heard of Firefly it was a higly aclaimed TV series from 2002 but was canceled before the first season had even finished airing. This i
What series (novel, TV, movie, comic) would you love to see have an anime adaptation?
 Dazzler from Marvel. She＊s a mutant pop star that can turn sound into light.
What series (novel, TV, movie, comic) would you love to see have an anime adaptation?
 John Wick The Gun-Fu is already awesome but I think an anime series could push that a little further. The anime series could be set in his years as a globe-traveling assassin, earning the name, Baba Yaga ( The Boogeyman. )
What two characters played by the same actor are the most different?
 Some strong candidates for this tricky question. But here are my top three. -Robert De Niro played Don Vito Corleone in The Godfather: Part II. Don Vito was a serious, religious, family man who used the power of his personality (and occasional brutal vio
What two characters played by the same actor are the most different?
 This is one that has always greatly impressed me: Heath Ledger＊s Joker And Heath Ledger＊s Ennis Del Mar from Brokeback Mountain It＊s hard to believe the same person could pull off these two characters with such depth and complexity. It＊s not just the way
What two characters played by the same actor are the most different?
 Gary Oldman＃ Ludwig van Beethoven & Sid Vicious
What two characters played by the same actor are the most different?
 I HAVE THE PERFECT ANSWER!! Not only are they completely different, but they＊re in the same movie!!! George Burns as GOD and THE DEVIL? Yes, please!!!
If you were given a $200 million budget to make a movie or TV series of your choice, what would it be and who would be your lead actors?
 Tough selection. I＊m only thinking of live action here, nothing animated. I know a couple of different authors who have made some good books to start with. I might go with the lesser known one, but it＊s hard to make a selection. One＊s a known, award-winn
If you were given a $200 million budget to make a movie or TV series of your choice, what would it be and who would be your lead actors?
 Why make one film with $200 million, when you can make three? Film 1-$50 million production costs, $30 million marketing/promotion. Adaptation of Stephen King＊s novel Salem＊s Lot. Starring Daniel Bruhl as Kurt Barlow and Bradley Cooper as Ben Mears. Film
What moments or scenes you like most from 'Khichdi' (serial or movie)?
 To be honest, I have never seen the serial but as far as the movie is concerned, I loved it. I have seen it many times. Not a particular scene but I liked the whole movie. Infact, I still see that movie if it comes on tv.
What is your favourite goosebumps scene from a TV show or movie?
 There are a lot. Cersei destroying the Sept of Balor- Margaery's cries, Cersei's evil smirk and the death of the High Septon combined with Ramin Djawadi's music just gave me a scene to remember forever. I guess everything stopped around me for a while an
What is your favourite goosebumps scene from a TV show or movie?
 Most recently, I would say the scene in ※A Quiet Place§ when Emily Blunt is in the bath tub, hiding from the creatures AND in labor and must not cry out in pain. Terrific acting from Emily Blunt and a guaranteed goosebumps scene in a totally original fil
What movie or TV series do you recall the song 'Oh Yeah' by Yello appearing in?
 Wikipedia lists ※Oh Yeah§ as first appearing in Ferris Bueller＊s Day Off. Several more appearances in TV shows followed. [1]
What TV series or movie do you recall the song 'White Rabbit' by Jefferson airplane appearing in?
 These are films and TV series.
What TV series or movie do you recall the song 'White Rabbit' by Jefferson airplane appearing in?
 It＊s featured in the movie The Game with Michael Douglas and Sean Penn. Not only does it play during the movie, but it also plays during the credits at the end of the movie.
What are the movies and TV shows Apple making?
 Two shows that I am looking forward to seeing are, Time Bandits (may not be the actual title) Apple are supposed to be making a TV show based on the movie from the early 80s. David S. Goyer and Josh Friedman are to be the show runners on a TV series base
What TV show/series was ruined by a bad finale? How and why was it ruined?
 How I Met Your Mother!! Worst ending ever. They spent what began to feel like 12,000 seasons telling us why Ted and Robin weren＊t meant for each other and that his one true love was always lurking just around the corner so that they could kill off the on
What are the some movies and web series that every IIT aspirants must watch?
 Even once I was a IIT aspirant. Unfortunately I didn＊t make it. Here are some bunch of movies for all IIT aspirants over there. Now, go.. have fun !!
How accurate are the spy techniques used by Michael Weston on the TV Show 'Burn Notice'?
 Series creator Matt Nix took some pains to find authentic spy techniques. However, since real intelligence agencies do not reveal their most powerful secrets to mere writers, there were things Nix and his team of writers had to invent. But it all sounded
What does the movie series The Purge get wrong about humans?
 I can＊t take full credit for this answer (see Alternate History Hub＊s What if the purge was real) but: So, most people won＊t commit murder and rape because it＊s legal (and those that would will do so regardless of the purge). That＊s clear. But you know w
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 There are so many but the first one that came to mind is Glenn from The Walking Dead. Although, I can＊t really say it was unexpected because Glenn did die in the hands of Negan in the original comics, but there was so much hype and multiple theories lead
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 Lexa from The 100. She was my favorite character and just had a beautiful love scene and the very next scene (legit 5 seconds after) she is hit by a stray bullet!!! Such a strong character and they kill her off with a bullet that wasn＊t even intended to 
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 There are two that come to mind. The first is Dr. Janet Fraiser from Stargate SG:1. The second is Dr. Carson Beckett from Stargate Atlantis. The scenes that were written for these epic characters were nearly heart wrenching for my family as we love both 
Why is rape considered worse than murder when depicted, (even allegedly), in games or movies?
 Very interesting question that I was wondering about myself. Games and movies depicting rape are often far more censored than those depicting murder. Even the mention of rape is considered kind of taboo in our society, even though the crime itself object
What is your favorite movie/TV show that was made by Disney or one of its subsidiaries?
 What is your favorite movie/TV show that was made by Disney or one of its subsidiaries? According to interviews, while Aaron Sorkin was writing the original play for, A Few Good Men he was staying in a hotel in New York. The television channels were limi
As an actor, what was the best line or scene you improvised on the spot?
 I＊m not one to improvise or ad lib on the spot, especially on camera. When I have an ad lib it will usually come to me during script study and I＊ll clear it with the director before performing it. That＊s just me. But there are times, especially in live p
As an actor, what was the best line or scene you improvised on the spot?
 I did a lot of improv shows in high school. My favorite would have to be the famous Abbot and Costello skit ※Who＊s on first§. If you＊re not familiar with it :Abbott & Costello Who's On First As you can see, it can be very difficult to keep the subject an
What are some Westerns movies and TV shows that involve aliens, magic or the supernatural?
 Right now in my mind I can only think of : Now you see me : part 1 & 2 It is a movie based on magic and magicians display their skills beautifully.
Does anyone actually watch talk shows on TV or just YouTube clips of the shows?
 I love this question! I think that more talk shows are being designed for life on the Internet. In earlier times, when we had fewer choices, talk shows extended the day for the networks and their advertisers. But now, viewership is way down; the audience
What is the technical term in movies and TV series when the sound cuts to the next scene before the visuals?
 A screenplay would probably tag this as ※PRE-LAP§ to indicate audio from one scene overlaps into the next scene. PRE-LAP 每 The wind howls as the distant train whistle blows. Scene Begins＃
Who is your favourite TV detective of past decade?
 I would say ※Monk,§ but I note that the series went off the air in 2009. I have not seen anything in the last ten years that came remotely close to this wonderful, quirky, funny, and relationship-driven comedy.
Why can't we find the Robin Williams movie 'Jacob the Liar' easily? I have been looking for it, but it is not uploaded anywhere.
 According to good ol＊ Google, it is available on Amazon Prime, Vudu, YouTube, iTunes, and Google Play. It＊s ※Jakob,§ by the way.
Who would you cast in a Chronicles of Narnia reboot (film or TV show)?
 This is a tough question! Look everyone can be newly casted except The Pevensies (William Moseley,Anna Popplewell,Skander Keyes, and Georgie Henley), Aslan (Liam Neeson) and maybe The White Witch (Tilda Swinton) and other than that get new kids that have
Here's a list of the best TV show released the year you were born, so what show is your year and are you a fan of it?
 1964, the year I was born will be remembered for: Bewitched. That year Bewitched cast an eight-year long spell on ABC. Instantly popular, it was the alphabet net's biggest hit for the remainder of the decade. Never missed an ep when I was finally old eno
What is the best character development you have appreciated in any film/TV series/book/other media series?
 Jaime Lannister (SPOILERS AHEAD) from Game of Thrones/ASOIAF. When we first meet Jaime Lannister, he＊s an incredibly handsome man who looks like a king, but is in reality a member of the Kingsguard (a group of knights that live their life to protect thei
Which live-action television show or movie would you love to watch in a animated version?
 The x-files
What are some movies and series that are popular today that would not have been popular back in the day?
 Superhero movies would have been consigned to Saturday-morning serials. Horror movies with explicit violence could not have been made before 1968, when the ratings system allowed more sexual/violent material.
What are some things that have been outlawed due to their usage in movies and TV while there are other similar items that are just as dangerous or more?
 During the late 80s and early 90s in the UK, the government had a serious problem with Ninja movies that were popular amongst kids at the time. Nunchuks were banned As were Throwing stars, which some kids made in metal work class in school. The craziest 
What was the best custom car made for a movie or TV series?
 The original Batmobile customized by George Barris, on a hand built prototype 1955 Lincoln Futura. Back to the Future - DeLorean Time Machine. Wikipedia I once sat in a reproduction, it felt like you were sitting on the ground. Munster＊s Koach -George Ba
Who are your top five favorite main characters ever and why?
 Vash the Stampede - Trigun - a superlative gunslinger, who, rather than using his skill to build personal wealth or noteriety, loves life so much that he spends the entire series trying to keep everyone alive in all situations to great personal cost. A p
Why should I watch How I met Your mother again?
 Let me tell you why I watched it again and again and then again :) :) I do not think my answer would help you as if you had the same feeling as I had after completing himym for the first time, you wouldn't have posted this question, you would have starte
What is R128?
 r128 is the name of a pill but you might mean RI28 which is a 28 day weight loss challenge
Do you watch the ※Umbrella Academy§?
 No.
Which Netflix TV Show you are eagerly waiting for in 2019?
 THE BLACK LIST
Which Netflix TV Show you are eagerly waiting for in 2019?
 THE BLACK LIST
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 There are quite a few! I＊m glad to see that The Room, Starcrash, and Plan 9 from Outer Space made some lists (and baffled that Excalibur showed up!) One of my all-time favorite bad movies, though, would have to be the 1980 Flash Gordon. Some bad movies, 
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 For me, KISS Meets The Phantom Of The Park. If you＊re not familiar, it＊s a 1978 made-for-TV movie starring the rock band KISS as superheroes. They battle the titular villain who tries to sabotage their concert at an amusement park. The premise is as sill
What 1980＊s TV show deserves a reboot?
 ※Quantum Leap§, which ran from 1989 to 1993, is my choice. It is a show which deserved a continuation of the original series or full out reboot years ago. It had a unique approach to time travel, where the main character, Sam Beckett, traveled randomly t
What 1980＊s TV show deserves a reboot?
 Honestly, I＊m tired of ※reboots§ in TV and film. If you want to get me interested in a reboot, try something that was unsuccessful the first time around. Case in point: Warner Archive is in the process of reissuing Man from Atlantis on Blu-ray, starting 
What 1980＊s TV show deserves a reboot?
 It's a fairly obscure British and Australian co-production called The Tripods. It is about a race of tripodal aliens who invade earth and enslave mankind. I was a young boy when it originally aired so it might not be as good as I remember it but at the t
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 There are quite a few! I＊m glad to see that The Room, Starcrash, and Plan 9 from Outer Space made some lists (and baffled that Excalibur showed up!) One of my all-time favorite bad movies, though, would have to be the 1980 Flash Gordon. Some bad movies, 
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 For me, KISS Meets The Phantom Of The Park. If you＊re not familiar, it＊s a 1978 made-for-TV movie starring the rock band KISS as superheroes. They battle the titular villain who tries to sabotage their concert at an amusement park. The premise is as sill
Where was the show 'Private Eyes' filmed?
 Private Eyes is filmed in Toronto and the surrounding area. It is a Global TV show and is available in many countries. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pr...
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 There are several, but one in particular that I think could make a good franchise is Fallout. A lot of people probably aren't too keen on that idea seeing as how there are so many post-apocalyptic films already, but I feel like the Fallout series is ripe
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 I wished for the Witcher, and luckily it is happening soon. I just hope they don't stuff it up. Also the classic Wing Commander from the 90s and early 2000s, but faithful to the source material, not that garbage that Chris Roberts produced. A bit like th
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 TV Series Mass Effect Expeditions Vikings X-COM The Elder Scrolls Tales of Berseria Movies Fallout Outlast Alien: Isolation Doki Doki Literature Club
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 Most definitely Starcraft for a movie. I mean, Warcraft did pretty well in China. Plus I like the story better personally. Golden Sun or Chrono Trigger for an anime series. I would freaking love it.
You're watching a movie from the TV station but you need to take a piss badly knowing that the best part is coming, what do you do?
 Lol, I＊m living that moment right now and this question was at the top of my Quora feed. The show just finished however. It was The OA Season 2 Episode 4 that I will title WTF is going on? Could have stopped it any time but didn＊t want to. So much relief
What are your go-to get happy comfort films?
Which movie / tv series had the best cliffhanger?
Why is the titular Hanna portrayed by a different actress who is not blonde, unlike the film?
What is the most over used song in movies or TV series?
As a fan, If you have to pick one, is it best to adapt a good book to a movie or a TV show? Why?
How does watching TV and movies help people with attachment issues?
Which TV series you want to be re-broadcasted?
If/when a 'Deadwood' movie is made, which characters absolutely must use the original actor/actress from the series?
What are some new trailers that you are waiting to watch this week?
Why are comedy movies or web-series not rated as high as other genres like crime, drama, fiction, sci-fi etc?
Have you ever taken inspiration from a fictional character in a real life scenario?
Why are sex scenes on television so dreadful nowadays?
What are some terrible scenes from great movies or TV shows?
Do movies and TV shows provide a 'safe space' for some people to deal with relationship issues in their lives?
 NO. Movies and TV deliberately teach us to deal with our lives through drama. Drama is extremely unhealthy and wil lead to every manner of unhappiness. They aren＊t even shy about calling it ※programming.§ They want is all fighting with each other and bec
What moments or scenes you like most from 'Khichdi' (serial or movie)?
 Without a second thought, the court scene in the movie. I am not going to explain all the dialogues and translate them in English, go watch yourself and laugh if you haven't watched yet.
What moments or scenes you like most from 'Khichdi' (serial or movie)?
 Khichdi, the thought of the serial itself tickles my bones. Though, it's a series of laughter moments, a few that i like the most are - :D :D
Why do sitcoms have a bad name in Hollywood?
 I can＊t speak for Hollywood Personally I hate U.S. sitcoms. The actors can never act, their timing is always off and the jokes are often so purile that I＊m surprised if they amuse a five year old. The sets are too colorful and too clean. When I＊m unfortu
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 There are several, but one in particular that I think could make a good franchise is Fallout. A lot of people probably aren't too keen on that idea seeing as how there are so many post-apocalyptic films already, but I feel like the Fallout series is ripe
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 I wished for the Witcher, and luckily it is happening soon. I just hope they don't stuff it up. Also the classic Wing Commander from the 90s and early 2000s, but faithful to the source material, not that garbage that Chris Roberts produced. A bit like th
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 TV Series Mass Effect Expeditions Vikings X-COM The Elder Scrolls Tales of Berseria Movies Fallout Outlast Alien: Isolation Doki Doki Literature Club
Which video games do you wish were made into a movie or TV series?
 Most definitely Starcraft for a movie. I mean, Warcraft did pretty well in China. Plus I like the story better personally. Golden Sun or Chrono Trigger for an anime series. I would freaking love it.
What is your favourite goosebumps scene from a TV show or movie?
 GAME OF THRONES Season-1 Epi-10 Execution of Edard Stark
What is your favourite goosebumps scene from a TV show or movie?
 Whenever I see the movie ※Gladiator§, where Maximus reappears in front of Joaquin P after the gladiator fight scene, it always gives me an instant goosebumps.
What is your favourite goosebumps scene from a TV show or movie?
 When after seeing junior bahubali through the scope , bhallal dev's sweats. Thanks.
Do you cry when you see a movie or TV show character lose a loved one that you＊ve also lost in your own life?
 We humans relate the stories we hear, read or see with our own lives. So it is very natural for one to have an emotional breakdown in such situations. It happens to me as well, almost everytime. Even the bad acting/direction will not matter when you watc
What is a movie, TV show, book, game, etc, that you loved while growing up but now cant seem to get back into?
 I grew up in the era when Lloyd Douglas owned the bestseller lists rather the way John Grisham has 〞 whenever he wrote something, there it was on top. His most famous work was the Biblical epic The Robe, which I read while in junior high in Mesa, Arizona
You're watching a movie from the TV station but you need to take a piss badly knowing that the best part is coming, what do you do?
 Lol, I＊m living that moment right now and this question was at the top of my Quora feed. The show just finished however. It was The OA Season 2 Episode 4 that I will title WTF is going on? Could have stopped it any time but didn＊t want to. So much relief
What movie or TV series do you recall the song 'Born to be Wild' by Steppenwolf appearing in?
 The song was on the soundtrack from the old movie ※Easy Rider§ about two guys riding the USA cross country on motorcycles. The 1960s movie starred Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper whose characters were searching for something like spiritual truth. They ende
What movie or TV series do you recall the song 'Born to be Wild' by Steppenwolf appearing in?
 The Cleveland Show; ※Fat and Wet§
What exact sentence in a movie or TV show brings back the most intense personal memory?
 ※One more thing＃§ Peter Falk as Colombo. An answering machine sound. ※This is Jim Rockford＃§ James Garner, Rockford Files. I remember these both okay. I enjoyed the shows. Peter Falk as Colombo was funny and endearing. As was Jim Rockford the character J
What are the lowest grossing TV series of all time?
 There＊s no way to answer this question since TV shows＊ successes or failures aren＊t determined by ※gross§.However if you＊re wondering what show brought in the lowest amount of ad revenue, that would be shows that were cancelled before they ever aired lik
What is the most underwhelming ending to an otherwise great movie or television show?
 Oooh man＃ this has got to belong to Grimms. Personal opinion though. The show started out pretty average and it got really really good. They had sooo many different directions that they could have headed throughout the show! What happened, from what I co
What TV show/series was ruined by a bad finale? How and why was it ruined?
 How I Met Your Mother because we spent 8 seasons waiting to meet The Mother. Then Tracy McConnell, played by the wonderful Cristin Milioti, was finally introduced, and everyone fell in love with her. We wanted to see them living happily ever after, sitti
What are the some movies and web series that every IIT aspirants must watch?
 Most of the engineers and engineering aspirants must watch this movie. This movie is based on the life of Mark Zuckerberg, who went on to become the world＊s youngest billionaire. The movie depicts how ideas can change a man＊ life and how important it is 
What are popular films, TV shows, and books that are actually awful?
 Star Wars＃ I get it, it＊s 1977, the 60s are dead, it＊s dreary outside, nothing works, there＊s national power outages, people are wearing flares and then all of a sudden there＊s these cool swords on the screen that are made of light and spaceships flying 
Do you think being an author now is less lucrative than before with so many people spending free time watching TV or movies?
 Yes and no. If u can write a hit book. Or maybe a short story. And it gets picked up by TV or movie guys or even a console game. Boom boom cash in the bank. Probably less money in just writing just books now, especially with over saturated market. But th
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 Sean Bean in Game of Thrones -Series 1 He was a key character, a famous name, and the story had followed him and his family from the start of the series. Even as he was obviously walking into trouble I thought , of course he＊ll be fine , they always are!
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 I certainly wasn't expecting the death of the Captain (Mercedes Mason) in the most recent episode of The Rookie. I guess the writers were making sure we didn't think that The Rookie is a comedy like Castle was. My wife and I were both crying as the other
What is the one version of a comic book character that you want to see portrayed in film and/or television?
 The John Ostrander version of The Spectre (DC Comics) The character is made up of 2 people: The Spectre (an incarnation of God＊s wrath), sent on Earth to confront evil, and its human host (Jim Corrigan, hard-boiled 30＊s detective, killed by mobsters). Si
What is your favorite movie/TV show that was made by Disney or one of its subsidiaries?
 To be honest, I enjoy many Disney movies. Marvel movies are made by Disney so I can easily say avengers infinity war was one of my favorites. Now if we are talking about old school movies, I＊ll pick Pocahontas, beauty and beast and Aladdin at the top of 
What is your favorite movie/TV show that was made by Disney or one of its subsidiaries?
 It＊s got to be Fantasia. I also like Toy story.
As an actor, what was the best line or scene you improvised on the spot?
 There was a series a few years back on CBC that aired world wide in over 60 countries called ※LITTLE MOSQUE ON THE PRAIRIE§. A sitcom about Muslim immigrants in a small Saskatchewan town. Funny show. There was a scene where to Middle Eastern men embraced
How similar are the Hannibal movies to the TV show?
 The main character in the TV series is Will Graham, who has a special ability to read crime scenes. The main arc of the TV series is Hannibal＊s desire to make Will his friend. In the TV series the crime lab techs and Jack Crawford＊s wife also have a larg
How similar are the Hannibal movies to the TV show?
 The TV show picks elements from all the different movies to make up it＊s own take on the mythology. The 3rd and final season is closest to both Manhunter and Red Dragon as a whole when telling the Francis Dollarhyde segment. But the first two seasons tak
How would you compare the movie Kesari to 21 Sarfarosh, which is a TV series version of the movie?
 Kesari was described briefly about the war of saragarhi, while 21sarfarosh was just a series of few episodes.
Does anyone actually watch talk shows on TV or just YouTube clips of the shows?
 Very rare to watch a complete talk show, mostly YouTube, Facebook or WhatsApp clips＃ Visiting these links may help for more, https://www.youtube.com/channel/... https://www.youtube.com/channel/... https://www.youtube.com/channel/...
Have you ever named or based a fictional character on someone in real life?
 I＊m starting to write a book, and ALL OF THE CHARACTERS are based off of everyone that I know
What is the best TV Show or Series ever? Why?
 My favorite series ever is Babylon 5. It was J.Michael Stracynski＊s science fiction series that was conceived as a novel for television with a clear beginning, middle and end. It told the story of the people on the space station Babylon 5 and their vario
How can one get entry into movie/TV show dubbing industry?
 Look for an apprenticeship with an experienced sound engineer. Read books and brush up on the latest info and terminology. If you can take a course (non-degree seeking) at a local film school or college/university.
Which book/comic character do you think was miscast in movies/TV?
 Tom Cruise - IMDb. In the role of Jack Reacher, he is 10 inches shorter than the character from the book. Having said that, I did enjoy the movies, but I hope they cast someone taller for the TV show. Keanu Reeves - IMDb. Did not have the acting range to
What movies have trailers that show way too much of the movie?
 The trailer for The Wife comes to mind. I＊ll post a link to the trailer and then what I surmised from it. SPOILERS ahead if you keep reading. So, did you catch on to what＊s going on in this movie? No? Really? Ok, don＊t say I didn＊t warn you＃ Glenn Close＊
Which is your favourite depiction of high school life in a TV series or a movie?

Which live-action television show or movie would you love to watch in a animated version?
 Star Trek. Not the TOS animated series either. One that takes place after DS9/Voyager. With today's animation, I think it would be a phenomenal series. And apparently CBS agrees to because it's in the works.
Why don't TV manufacturers build TV's with more cinematic 2.35:1 aspect ratios for better home viewing of movies?
 Most television programs are and always have been filmed in the TV aspect ratio. On a small screen, when you need to make the film aspect ratio fit and you either need to cut off the sides of films or leave a blank at top and bottom, it can make the movi
What are some cool behind the scenes I should watch?
 Yeah. When I was a kid I heard about lord of the rings for 1st time and had a hard tiem understanding the movie so I began to study more Nd ready more as a result I came across a set books published by new liemne cinema released subsequently with the mov
How are romantic movies or TV shows damaging in some ways to real relationships?
 Anyway, someone who has only seen relationships on screen and not in real life, will have a twisted view of what a relationship will be like and is bound to get disappointed by reality, because it＊s often not as easy in real life to stay in a relationshi
What is the best original song for a movie or television series?
 Super tough to answer. all theme songs for all TV shows in the 70s and 80s were awesome!! Take for example the theme song from Taxi Bob James. courtship of Eddie's Father. The Dating Game Herb Alpert. the list goes on and on! WKRP in Cincinnati..
Is British television and movie culture made up mostly of media made in the United States?
 Mostly? No. There is a lot of American tv & film product here if you want it - but mostly via subscription channels. The five main UK television channels show a lot more British product - including lifestyle, daytime and entertainment.
What was the best custom car made for a movie or TV series?
 There are a few: 1967 Shelby Mustang GT500 ※Eleanor§ (Gone in 60 seconds) 1982 Pontiac Firebird TransAm ※Kitt§ (and his evil twin Carr (Knight Rider) 1968 Ford Mustang Fastback (Bullitt) 1965 Aston-Martin DB5 (Goldfinger) 1976 Lotus Espirit S1 (The Spy W
What are some crime/mystery TV shows and films portrayed in a historical setting, such as Ripper Street, The Alienist or From Hell?
 The Untouchables (both versions). The Manhunter. Banyon. City of Angels. Foyle＊s War. Jericho of the Yard. City of Vice. Cribb. Public Morals.
Has a TV show ever succeeded after its lead left?
 Blake＊s Seven was a British science fiction show invented by Terry Nation - one of the first scriptwriters for Doctor Who, responsible for creating the Daleks, with credit to Raymond Cruickshank who designed them. Terry Nation invented the show and wrote
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 I think my best answer would of course be The Room. Once a year, I go see it in theatre just to bask in the absolute mess that it is. It is best described as an acid trip without the acid, and it has one of the weirdest stories, not because of the premis
Will the world be a more depressed place without films and television?
 For me? Yes!
If you had to recommend one role in a movie/TV show that your favourite actor/actress performed, what would it be and why? And what role would you love to see them in?
 Colin Farrell, In Bruges. Great performance from an actor I feel wasn't really good until I saw this movie, and I was pretty damn wrong. His usual roles blended well with this character who was struggling with a decision he made, and his usual boyish and
If you had to recommend one role in a movie/TV show that your favourite actor/actress performed, what would it be and why? And what role would you love to see them in?
 Colin Farrell, In Bruges. Great performance from an actor I feel wasn't really good until I saw this movie, and I was pretty damn wrong. His usual roles blended well with this character who was struggling with a decision he made, and his usual boyish and
When did people start to avoid movie/TV spoilers?
 I think people have always tried to avoid spoilers for the most part, however it definitely became a much bigger deal with the rise of the internet and especially social media. It used to be simple, if you didn't want to know something you just don't ask
What are your personal top 10 films/TV shows of the past 20 years?
 I＊ll keep this brief and to the point as to not spoil anything about these pieces. I＊ve gone for 5 TV Shows and 5 Movies just for balance. Thanks for the A2A!
If you could re-watch a TV series and relive all the emotions that you felt the first time you watched it, which one would you re-watch?
 Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood. I stumbled upon the final episodes of this timeless jewel by accident when I was 8. It stirred up a storm (like the soul storm in episode 61) of emotions in me, emotions so powerful I sobbed in secret every time I thought
If you could re-watch a TV series and relive all the emotions that you felt the first time you watched it, which one would you re-watch?
 Anime including Prison break Two and half men Fairytale Naruto Cowboy Bebop Fullmetal alchemist
If you could re-watch a TV series and relive all the emotions that you felt the first time you watched it, which one would you re-watch?
 Deadwood. I was amazed at its raw power, its humor, and the feeling of verisimilitude with respect to its characterizations. I hope that the rumors of its re-emergence as a film are true, but even if that happens, it won＊t have the same power as it did w
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 I think my best answer would of course be The Room. Once a year, I go see it in theatre just to bask in the absolute mess that it is. It is best described as an acid trip without the acid, and it has one of the weirdest stories, not because of the premis
What is the most overlooked thing people could do in a real zombie apocalypse, they never seem to think of in movies and TV?
 People have already mentioned these, but I like this idea so much I＊m posting it again: bicycles. Part of your zombie prep plan (if there were such a thing) would have to be one of these: You can get you a 6 speed or 7 speed one of these for under $200 U
Did you ever wonder if those crazy theories in the movies or TV shows could possibly be true?
 Yeah, a lot of stuff from Stargate was radical in the mid 90s but increasingly has become mainstream in the quantum physics world. Basically the Stargate multiverse is quite plausible.
Did you ever wonder if those crazy theories in the movies or TV shows could possibly be true?
 I think part of the fun of some TV shows and movies are the fact that they are so ambiguous that crazy theories are able to stem from them and develop into fascinating reads. Some of them are implausible but you wish were real, some are almost certainly 
How many podcasts have been turned into TV series or movies and which ones are they?
 Television networks are betting big on the podcast format this year with a bunch of shows based on some of the most popular audio series, including "Pod Save America," "Homecoming," "Dirty John," "2 Dope Queens" and "StartUp". Here＊s a list of podcasts s
What does the movie series The Purge get wrong about humans?
 Everything! For starters, most of us do not want to rape and kill our neighbors. Even if murder were legal, I'd never do it, and odds are, neither would you. Second, if crime were legal for one day, every American with money would arrange to be overseas 
Why in apocalyptic movies and series aren't treehouses utilized more?
 There are advantages and disadvantages to having a treehouse/ treehouse complex in a post-apocalyptic scenario. See this for more info:Tree House I suspect that movies budgets might not allow for treehouse building. Though, why some prepper would not wan
Why is there no movie or TV adaptation of Agnes Grey?
Can some people hack networks and computers with ease just like in TV shows or movies?
What are some ways that you can create an online index or database for television and film wardrobes?
What's the best scene from a movie/show that takes place during a meal?
What TV show or movie would you prefer gets cancelled or not renewed?
Was TV show creator Stephen J. Cannell a big fan of the movie 'Marlowe'? I saw some things from the movie in some of his shows.
How would you modify your favourite story (book, movie, TV show) if you could?
What is the most hauntingly beautiful line you know from a song/TV show/movie?
What is your favorite quote from a movie/show that only avid fans of the respective movie/show will recognize?
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 Henry Blake＊s death in M*A*S*H was an absolute shock to all (including those on the show). It was well known that McLean Stevenson was done with his role as the ranking officer for the 4077th and the show＊s writers prepared his last episode with his char
What is the most sudden/unexpected character death in a film or TV show?
 Derek on Grey＊s Anatomy has to be my #1 spot for most unexpected! But then again, they do have a knack for shock exits, like Lexi, Mark, George to name a few＃
What are some of the coolest continuous shot movie scenes?
 One of the best one-shot or a continuous shot was in the 2017 sci-fi thriller movie Life. The very beginning of the movie has a continuous shot. Life (2017) - IMDb It's a movie about astronauts discovering extra terrestrial life on Mars. Overall it's a g
What are some of the coolest continuous shot movie scenes?
 Dunkirk scene from Atonement (2007) I've never seen such a realistic war set before. They got the Dunkirk set much better than Nolan's film. You can believe they're 400,000 men on this beach. The best thing about this shot was that I wasn't really expect
What are some of the coolest continuous shot movie scenes?
 There＊s quite a few good ones out there. Sometimes you don＊t realize a single scene has actually gone on for two full minutes without a cut. Sometimes I find myself stopping a movie and rewinding just so I can watch it and time a single cut. To do this i
What are some of the coolest continuous shot movie scenes?
 Henry V: Non Nobis and Te Deum
What are some of the coolest continuous shot movie scenes?
 Well three come to mind. The trench scene in Paths of Glory is pretty awesome. The opening to Touch of Evil is pretty darn good. Hence, The Player plays tribute to that film in its own long shot. The Budweiser commercial during this year＊s Super Bowl was
As an actor, what was the best line or scene you improvised on the spot?
 Not really an improvisation, but on a ※dare§ from another actor. I was in a production of ※South Pacific§, the musical, some years ago playing the character of Lt Buzz Adams. During the run, my character was jokingly referred to as Buzz Lightyear (from T
Which movie/TV show has made you cry for the most unexpected reason?
 Believe it or not it was this damn movie. Maybe it＊s just because I have a beloved daughter myself, but the sequence in the movie where the Vince Neil character is watching his little girl die of cancer hit me hard, and right out of nowhere. I had the th
What＊s something that is highly improbable in real life but has a ＆101%＊ probability to happen in movies and TV shows?
 protagonists that are able to dodge bullets while running through machine-gun fire, but hit the antagonists with superb precision
What is it about plotholes in movies and TV shows that enrages/frustrates/fascinates fans and critics so much?
 First off, it＊s important to note that a lot of things that are commonly referred to as ※plotholes§ (e.g. the door problem in Titanic or how the picture covered the hole in Shawshank Redemption) are often nothing of the sort - it＊s simply that the answer
Why in apocalyptic movies and series aren't treehouses utilized more?
 There are advantages and disadvantages to having a treehouse/ treehouse complex in a post-apocalyptic scenario. See this for more info:Tree House I suspect that movies budgets might not allow for treehouse building. Though, why some prepper would not wan
Does anyone actually watch talk shows on TV or just YouTube clips of the shows?
 Both. On YouTube you can see the number of views. Ratings services like Neilson can tell you how many listeners at any time of the day＃both radio and TV. If something really funny happens, people will share that. Sometimes those clips get more views than
What are the best first scenes from movies, and TV shows?
 The opening scene from the classic French film Day for Night is amazing. it starts as a typical street scene in France and then the director shouts ※cut§ (or the French equivalent), the camera pulls back and you realise you have been watching a film abou
Have you ever named or based a fictional character on someone in real life?
 Never named one after a real person. But based one? Constantly. In fact, I＊d say most of the characters I＊ve written have at the very least been partially inspired by someone I know, if not outright the very person themselves with a different name.
How to avoid getting the reflection of film crews in TV shows and films, particularly off actors glasses as an example
 Careful placement of the camera. Close observation of the scene, as seen be the camera, and where needed moving objects to change the reflection. For glasses, often they need to change prescription glasses for frames with flat glass instead of lenses. Th
How to avoid getting the reflection of film crews in TV shows and films, particularly off actors glasses as an example
 As previous answers, except I would add, they don't always succeed. Where a crew reflection is in shot and there is no alternative angle they sometimes just hope that the audience, caught up in the narrative, doesn't notice. Amazingly this often works...
What is your favorite car from film or TV that is not a super-hero car?
 Television Magnum P.I. Ferrari 308 GTSi Movies Smokey And The Bandit Tie: 1977 Pontiac Trans Am 1974 Cadillac ElDorado Convertible (Big & Little Enos＊ Ride).
What is your favorite car from film or TV that is not a super-hero car?
 XKE Jag. Harold and Maude.
What is your favorite car from film or TV that is not a super-hero car?
 Simon and Simon POWER WAGON
What is your favorite car from film or TV that is not a super-hero car?
 Jag Xe
Who is your favourite TV detective of past decade?
 I would say Hercule Poirot on the public TV show Poirot. He has so many mannerisms like his little grey cells, his lapel pin of lavender in a vase, his egg shaped head, his love of symmetry. David Suchet plays him to the hilt.
What is the best TV Show or Series ever? Why?
 Westworld The difference between the human conciousness and the machine. The show define the capability of machine with error or without error. It is like automation in the industry but conciousness is the large subject which author want to describe. I h
What is the best TV Show or Series ever? Why?
 For me, it's FRIENDS and Criminal Minds＃ coz of following reasons. This is just my perspective and my personal favorites.
Vikings TV Show Question. What things are historically accurate and what are totally fictional in the 5 Seasons so far? (Vikings History Channel)
 More or less nothing, it＊s equivalent but not accurate. Meaning that while the show revolves around people who most likely did exist at one point and what happens in the show could very well have happend, it＊s a product of trying to squeeze in Ca. 300 ye
Vikings TV Show Question. What things are historically accurate and what are totally fictional in the 5 Seasons so far? (Vikings History Channel)
 There is a TV program on YT under the Historybuff chanel that discusses the historicity of Vikings. A few of the details: Rollo was not Ragnar＊s brother and lived over a hundred years later. Bjorn Ironside and Ivar the Boneless were his son＊s and have pl
What movies or TV shows have you told people you wanted to watch but haven't found enough interest to actually do so?
 ※The Man in High Castle§, Babylon 5- any of them. Just couldn＊t get into them. ※Twilight§ books or movies. ※Stranger Things§. I think that＊s the name. My grand daughter loves this series but I became bored during episode 1 ※Orange is the new Black§. Ditt
Here's a list of the best TV show released the year you were born, so what show is your year and are you a fan of it?
 I was born in 1958. According to the link, the best TV show that year was the Rifleman. I remember watching an episode here and there in reruns, but here＊t the thing: by the time anyone is old enough to remember what they were watching, the ※best§ show (
What is the TV series Steptoe and Son?
 The series was a UK situation comedy about a father and son team running a scrap yard in a UK town.
What are some wrong portryals of college scenes in typical college shows/movies?
 I＊m not coming up with anything specific at this time, but I＊m sure there are quite a few out there. There was an episode of The Simpsons many years ago in which Homer had to take a college class, and he ※prepared§ for this by watching a movie on video t
What's the best Asian show/movie in Netflix?
 I am not sure if it is the best, but my favourite Asian show I have seen so far on Netflix is Good Doctor (TV Series 2013) - IMDb it is the original, South Korean show that the US remake is based on.
Who are some TV actors who you only see as their character, and therefore can＊t take seriously when you watch them in another show or in the movies?
 There are few TV actors which I cannot see play other roles other than the character they played in their respective shows 1.Bryan Cranston as Walter White I＊m not going to say anything except that Bryan Cranston＊s portrayal of Walter white is inarguably
What is the most beautiful/amazing death scene from any film or TV Show?
 Lester talking after his death. Expressing his appreciation for some of those wonderful but fleeting moments of his life.
Why is the U.S. Military more 'racially diverse' in the movies and on television, than it is in real life?
 I＊m curious to know why you get the impression that the U.S. Military is not racially diverse in ※real life§? In my 27 years of military service (retired military, now civil service in US Army) I have seen and continue to see a very wide spectrum of raci
In Avatar the Last Airbender, what did the lady meant when she said Toph's passport was so official, that it could count as 4 passes compared to just one?
 Toph is a member of the affluent Beifong family. Based on the comics, I gather that her father is a businessman. Plus, he's loaded. If that woman in Ba Sing Se〞which felt like a world away from Toph's town〞knew of the Beifongs, they must be pretty influe
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 Perhaps, ※Showgirls§, starring Elizabeth Berkley and Gina Gershon in 1995. The sets are nice and lavish and they did good scene changes. But the script was so wooden and horribly cliche in countless spots. Some of the dialogue is so terrible that it is a
Have you ever seen a show or read a book where a character had your name?
 Thanks Prajyot for A2A. You see I've a very common Indian name. So , Yes i did come across a hindi daily soap which has a character named as mine. She was evil. (-_-) I'm not. But I've never read a book having my name for any character. Apparently the re
Discounting what we see on TV and in the movies, what are healthy adult relationships really like?
 Complex questions have complex answers. In my admittedly nonprofessional opinion, healthy relationships usually have one thing in common and that＊s respect for the other person. I am around a lot of Seniors on a daily basis and as they age out of this li
What movie is so bad it's actually fun to watch?
 Perhaps, ※Showgirls§, starring Elizabeth Berkley and Gina Gershon in 1995. The sets are nice and lavish and they did good scene changes. But the script was so wooden and horribly cliche in countless spots. Some of the dialogue is so terrible that it is a
How to get my cat into TV, Film and Commercials
 You have to have a well trained cat. Training a cat is very possible, but it takes a lot more treats, positivity and pacience than training a dog. A cat may take longer to train than a dog and needs shorter lessons per day(five to ten minutes minimum) th
